tema_documento: Anamnese clínica
responsavel_coleta: Não informado
id_paciente: João Barreto, 39 anos, masculino, solteiro, branco, natural e procedente de São José do Rio Preto - SP, pedreiro, evangélico
nasceu_apos_2000: False
sexo_masculino: True
reside_em_campo_grande_ms: False
escolaridade_ate_ensino_medio: False
autodeclarado_pardo_ou_preto: False
casado_ou_uniao_estavel: False
possui_ocupacao_remunerada: True
tabagista: True
consome_alcool_regularmente: True
utilizou_drogas_ilicitas: True
pratica_atividade_fisica: False
comorbidades_previas: True
uso_medicamentos_pre_ei: False
uso_fitoterapicos_pre_ei: False
procedimento_odontologico_pre_ei: False
complicacoes_odontologicas: False
endocardite_previa: False
valvula_protetica_ou_marcapasso: False
cirurgia_cardiaca_previa: False
febre: True
sopros_cardiacos: True
manifestacoes_cutaneas: True
insuficiencia_cardiaca: False
eventos_embolicos: False
